hello again in this video I would like
to share some of my views on collecting
buying selling enjoying gold bullion
coins and answer some of your my
subscribers questions in my videos so
this is my collection some of you saw my
other videos so this collection to be
more extensive I sold half of my
collection now you only see the rare
gold bullion coins here of different
countries of the world you won't find a
Krugerrand
in American Eagle a maple leaf or a
panda here although they're beautiful
coins but they're common points and
these are the rare gold bullion points
so to answer one of the questions what
to collect common points like
Krugerrands American Eagles or rare
coins and the answer is this are you a
collector or are you an investor if
you're an investor I would only invest
in American Eagles nothing else the coin
is easy to buy is easy to sell any
second of any hour you can sell this
coin this is an example of a rare coin
this is a West Germany new Dalek issue
coin this is also one ounce of gold
beautiful but you probably will not sell
it for your target target price as soon
as you want to do it another example the
coin from Belize one point four ounces
of gold this coin is one of 250 coins
so obviously you want to get a price
that's not only boo in price but also a
premium over it and that's fair but
expect a long long wait
I like this coin this is an Israel first
gold bullion coin of Israel and I bought
it for the spot price back then now they
want the spot price now is 1300 now they
want 16 1700 for it and I don't think
people are buying it because people are
not ready to pay a lot over spot so for
serious collectors for people who enjoy
coins like this is from Guernsey one of
two hundred points one point seventeen
ounces people who enjoy the coins who
want to cherish them for a long long
time
they shouldn't care about the price now
they buy it they wait and their children
then enjoy it but if you want a quick
turnaround these coins are obviously
definitely not for you like this one
from Lithuania look at this design this
battle of grunwald but try to sell it
for two thousand now you will not get
this price alright another question the
best places to sell gold bullion coins
eBay is number one just make sure you
sell it not as an auction but as a Buy
It Now option and set your price and
expect to wait but you get your price up
max is a great place to sell your
Krugerrands or American Eagles they
always offer about two percent over spot
you can always buy it
another question how to make money
buying and selling gold coins there are
two ways that come to mind first is
this by roles of one-tenth of an ounce
Eagles $5 pieces try to buy them for as
close to Buland price as you can and
then sell them individually you
definitely get about 15 to 20 percent
for each of them please remember that if
you sell on eBay and use PayPal it's
always 13 percent fees so be sure to
subtract that from your profit another
example of how to make money is by older
US coins like late eighteen hundreds
early nineteen hundred's two and a half
dollars five dollar pieces not expensive
buy them of the best quality you
possibly can you have to learn obviously
a lot about the grading system but mint
State read everything there is to do to
read about that grade these coins with
NGC or PCGS become a member of one of
these well-established reputable coin
grading companies and by the way this is
one of my favorite coins this is the
ultra high relief double ego beautiful
beautiful coin maybe I should grade this
one but unless it's ms70 doesn't really
matter but with the other older US coins
it matters if you buy coin for two
hundred and fifty dollars you grade it
for another seventeen dollars and then
in turn mms sixty-three ms-64 you can
sell it for fifteen sixteen hundred
dollar point so find the place where you
can and buy good quality older coins
pawnshops sometimes I heard that
pawnshops there are many success stories
you can get gold price you can get gold
coins therefore spot price sometimes
these points have a numismatic value and
you can resell them for much higher
price nowadays although it's becoming
less and less possible because
everyone's internet savvy now everyone
can go on internet and find out the real
price so that's why you have to be more
prepared than the other guy I once
bought a gold Liberty coin two and a
half dollars for about $90 and I graded
it came back take a you 58 I listed it
as an option from eBay and the price
went up to 1400 I didn't realize them
white but then I read everything about
it and that point was really worth about
$1,800 so read a lot but don't sell the
coin if you're not getting the right
price released it wait and resell it
again so this is all I wanted to tell
you today if you have questions if you
have comments please you're welcome to a
comment and question and I'll see you
later